docs/DISCORD_FAQ.md, before:

_Frequently Asked Questions_

> **1: How do I open the SkyHanni Menu?**
> Use the command `/sh`.

> **2: Why does SkyHanni tell me to update NotEnoughUpdates (NEU) even if I already have the latest version?**
> To make the mod work, you need to use the latest version from <#1123201092193366027>.

> **3: How can I resize the GUI?**
> Do `/sh gui` to open the position editor. Then hover over an element and scroll your mouse wheel to change the size of a single GUI element.
> Do `/sh scale` to change the global GUI scale of all elements at once.

> **4: My Garden Crop Milestones are not accurate. What should I do?**
> To sync your Crop Milestones with SkyHanni, open `/cropmilestones` once.

> **5: How can I move GUIs like Coins/Copper in SkyMart?**
> Use the command `/sh open hotkey` to set a hotkey, and press it inside the GUI you want to move.

> **6: Will SkyHanni support Minecraft versions 1.20? (Foraging Update)**
> The Foraging update isn't expected to release for several months.
> Thus, we'll wait for other mods in the community to update for Minecraft version 1.20.
> Switching from 1.8.9 to 1.20 will take some time, and we plan to discontinue support for 1.8.9 afterward since we won't support multiple versions at once.

> **7: My Jacob Contest Display crops are wrong, how do I fix this?**
> Run the command `/shclearcontestdata` to clear the Jacob contest data.

> **8: How can I get bigger crop hit boxes?**
> Use Patcher or PolyPatcher to have 1.12 hit boxes in 1.8.9.
> - [Sk1erLLC's Patcher](<https://sk1er.club/mods/patcher>) (Versions 1.8.8 and after will have broken cactus hitboxes)
> - [Polyfrost's PolyPatcher](<https://modrinth.com/mod/patcher>) (a fork of Patcher with OneConfig, slightly different features, and bug fixes. Fixes cactus hitboxes.)

> **9: Why does my Item Tracker feature not track this item?**
> 1. Check if the item goes directly into your sacks. 
> 2. If it does, enable the sack pickup chat message from Hypixel:
>  - Go to `Hypixel Settings --> Personal -> Chat Feedback` and enable `Sack Notifications`.
> 3. If you want the [Sacks] messages to be hidden, do `/sh sacks hider` and enable that.

> **10: How do I remove SkyHanni GUI elements?**
> 1. Type `/sh gui`.
> 2. Click the UI element (if the UI element is not shown, follow FaQ #5).
> 3. Disable this feature.
  
> **11: How do I reset a SkyHanni tracker?**
> 1. Do you want to **view only the current session**? 
>  - Open the inventory (Press E) and hover over the display. 
>  - Then click on `[This Session]`.
> 2. Do you want to **reset the current session**?
>  - Open the inventory (Press E) and hover over the display.
>  - Then click on `Reset Session!`.
> 3. Do you want to **remove one specific item** from the tracker?
>  - Open the inventory (Press E) and hover over the display.
>  - Then shift-click on an item in the list to remove it.
> 4. Do you want to reset the total stats of a tracker?
>  - To reset a tracker, use the in-game command `/shcommands <tracker type>`.
>  - Execute the obtained command to reset the tracker.

> **12: Why can I still see the normal Scoreboard when using Custom Scoreboard?**
> Most of the time, this is a mod conflict.
> If you are using [Sidebar Mod](https://github.com/Alexdoru/SidebarMod), please remove this mod.
> If you are using [VanillaHUD](https://modrinth.com/mod/vanillahud), please update to 2.2.9 or newer to resolve this issue.
> If you are using [Apec](https://github.com/BananaFructa/Apec/) and want to remove their Scoreboard, you need to remove Apec since they don't have an option to disable their Scoreboard.
> If you are using [Odin](https://github.com/odtheking/Odin), disable their "Sidebar".
> If you are using [Patcher](https://sk1er.club/mods/patcher) or [PolyPatcher](https://modrinth.com/mod/patcher) and the vanilla scoreboard is flickering, disable the "HUD Caching" option.
> If you don't use any of these mods, make sure the option to "Hide Vanilla Scoreboard" is actually enabled.

> **13: Why doesn't the burrow warp key and line prioritize my guess waypoint when there are known burrows nearby?**
> This is intended behavior. SkyHanni prioritizes the closest known burrow or guess waypoint, not necessarily the guess waypoint itself. Focusing on the closest point, even if it's a known burrow and not your guess, is faster and leads to a higher "burrows dug over time" rate, meaning more mobs, more inquisitors, more money and faster milestones. 
> While interrupting your current chain to focus on a nearby burrow might feel counterintuitive, it ultimately benefits you in the long run. 
> The existing chain isn't reset, and you gain the advantage of a higher burrow digging rate.


*This FAQ was last updated on August 26th, 2024.
If you believe there's something that should be added to this list, please tell us, so we can add it.*

Commit message:

Docs: Add Custom Wardrobe to FAQ (#2980)

docs/DISCORD_FAQ.md, after:

_Frequently Asked Questions_

> **1: How do I open the SkyHanni Menu?**
> Use the command `/sh`.

> **2: Why does SkyHanni tell me to update NotEnoughUpdates (NEU) even if I already have the latest version?**
> To make the mod work, you need to use the latest version from <#1123201092193366027>.

> **3: How can I resize the GUI?**
> Do `/sh gui` to open the position editor. Then hover over an element and scroll your mouse wheel to change the size of a single GUI element.
> Do `/sh scale` to change the global GUI scale of all elements at once.

> **4: My Garden Crop Milestones are not accurate. What should I do?**
> To sync your Crop Milestones with SkyHanni, open `/cropmilestones` once.

> **5: How can I move GUIs like Coins/Copper in SkyMart?**
> Use the command `/sh open hotkey` to set a hotkey, and press it inside the GUI you want to move.

> **6: Will SkyHanni support Minecraft versions 1.20? (Foraging Update)**
> The Foraging update isn't expected to release for several months.
> Thus, we'll wait for other mods in the community to update for Minecraft version 1.20.
> Switching from 1.8.9 to 1.20 will take some time, and we plan to discontinue support for 1.8.9 afterward since we won't support multiple versions at once.

> **7: My Jacob Contest Display crops are wrong, how do I fix this?**
> Run the command `/shclearcontestdata` to clear the Jacob contest data.

> **8: How can I get bigger crop hit boxes?**
> Use Patcher or PolyPatcher to have 1.12 hit boxes in 1.8.9.
> - [Sk1erLLC's Patcher](<https://sk1er.club/mods/patcher>) (Versions 1.8.8 and after will have broken cactus hitboxes)
> - [Polyfrost's PolyPatcher](<https://modrinth.com/mod/patcher>) (a fork of Patcher with OneConfig, slightly different features, and bug fixes. Fixes cactus hitboxes.)

> **9: Why does my Item Tracker feature not track this item?**
> 1. Check if the item goes directly into your sacks. 
> 2. If it does, enable the sack pickup chat message from Hypixel:
>  - Go to `Hypixel Settings --> Personal -> Chat Feedback` and enable `Sack Notifications`.
> 3. If you want the [Sacks] messages to be hidden, do `/sh sacks hider` and enable that.

> **10: How do I remove SkyHanni GUI elements?**
> 1. Type `/sh gui`.
> 2. Click the UI element (if the UI element is not shown, follow FaQ #5).
> 3. Disable this feature.
  
> **11: How do I reset a SkyHanni tracker?**
> 1. Do you want to **view only the current session**? 
>  - Open the inventory (Press E) and hover over the display. 
>  - Then click on `[This Session]`.
> 2. Do you want to **reset the current session**?
>  - Open the inventory (Press E) and hover over the display.
>  - Then click on `Reset Session!`.
> 3. Do you want to **remove one specific item** from the tracker?
>  - Open the inventory (Press E) and hover over the display.
>  - Then shift-click on an item in the list to remove it.
> 4. Do you want to reset the total stats of a tracker?
>  - To reset a tracker, use the in-game command `/shcommands <tracker type>`.
>  - Execute the obtained command to reset the tracker.

> **12: Why can I still see the normal Scoreboard when using Custom Scoreboard?**
> Most of the time, this is a mod conflict.
> If you are using [Sidebar Mod](https://github.com/Alexdoru/SidebarMod), please remove this mod.
> If you are using [VanillaHUD](https://modrinth.com/mod/vanillahud), please update to 2.2.9 or newer to resolve this issue.
> If you are using [Apec](https://github.com/BananaFructa/Apec/) and want to remove their Scoreboard, you need to remove Apec since they don't have an option to disable their Scoreboard.
> If you are using [Odin](https://github.com/odtheking/Odin), disable their "Sidebar".
> If you are using [Patcher](https://sk1er.club/mods/patcher) or [PolyPatcher](https://modrinth.com/mod/patcher) and the vanilla scoreboard is flickering, disable the "HUD Caching" option.
> If you don't use any of these mods, make sure the option to "Hide Vanilla Scoreboard" is actually enabled.

> **13: Why doesn't the burrow warp key and line prioritize my guess waypoint when there are known burrows nearby?**
> This is intended behavior. SkyHanni prioritizes the closest known burrow or guess waypoint, not necessarily the guess waypoint itself. Focusing on the closest point, even if it's a known burrow and not your guess, is faster and leads to a higher "burrows dug over time" rate, meaning more mobs, more inquisitors, more money and faster milestones. 
> While interrupting your current chain to focus on a nearby burrow might feel counterintuitive, it ultimately benefits you in the long run. 
> The existing chain isn't reset, and you gain the advantage of a higher burrow digging rate.

> **14: Why are the Players in Custom Wardrobe hidden?**
> If you are using [VolcAddons](https://github.com/zhenga8533/VolcAddons), disable Hide Far/Hide Close Entities.


*This FAQ was last updated on November 24th, 2024.
If you believe there's something that should be added to this list, please tell us, so we can add it.*
